# What-Digival-can-do-for-Higher-Educational-Institutions-
Using Digival’s technological framework of outcomes and competency-based education, we have developed digital transformation strategies and technology solutions that help institutions plan, implement, monitor, and improve their educational process and quality of programs in order to enhance the achievement of student learning outcomes &amp; competencies. This technology solution is robust, flexible, personalisable and comprehensive. It can be unbundled to integrate into the existing technology of higher educational institutions.  Outcome Based Education Solution Digival provides outcome-based education (OBE) solutions that establish every part of the educational system around the perceived goals of the institute. This student-centered and standard-based instruction model helps measure their learning outcomes via customized data-driven frameworks mapped to the specific university and college.  Curriculum Management Solutions The professionals at Digival Solutions offer curriculum management solutions for the learning environment. Our curriculum experts help with the development and implementation of the curriculum for higher educational institutions. Our solutions deal with tasks related to the brainstorming, integration, and launch of the curriculum.  Classroom and Learning Management Solutions Digival provides classroom and learning management solutions for managing the various aspects of higher education learning and teaching process. Our intuitive, automated, and customized learning management solution assists universities with administering, documenting, tracking, and reporting of all the learning and teaching activities happening in onsite and remote learning environments.  Assessment Management Solutions Digival’s assessment management solutions help institutions to manage and monitor all kinds of formative and summative assessments and it can also directly and indirectly measure the learning outcomes at the level of courses and programs. Our assessment management solution is based on an artificial intelligence framework and depends on minimal internet. Assessments can be conducted in onsite and remote environments in a secured manner without compromising the exam integrity. In our system the assessment planning, scheduling, conducting, reviewing, and approving process can be personalised according to the universities and college policies. The assessment data is completely secured and personalised in the college and university in-house and/or cloud server. Digival’s assessment solution covers a wider range of analysis and reporting systems from traditional grading methods to modern day psychometric measurement of student performance on the learning outcomes. To know more: https://digi-val.com/solutions
